
==== NAME ====

Posy::Plugin::EditInfo - Posy plugin to edit supplementary entry
information.


==== VERSION ====

This describes version ``0.02'' of Posy::Plugin::EditInfo.


==== DESCRIPTION ====

This plugin enables the user to create and edit .info files of the type used
by Posy::Plugin::Info. This relies on external .htaccess setup for password
protection, so if you can't set such a thing up, do not use this module
unless you want anyone to be able to create .info files.

This plugin provides $entry_edit_info_form flavour variable, and
'set_edit_info_form' and 'process_edit_info_form' actions.


==   Password Protection   ==

For details of how to set up password protection for a directory, check your
webserver documentation. Here is some advice, however.

If you password-protect your whole site, then nobody could even view the
site without having a user-password. This is probably not what you want. The
easiest method of protecting editing is to make a copy of your posy.cgi
script (say, posy_edit.cgi) and make separate directory to put it in (say,
"cgi-bin/posy_edit_info/"), put the posy_edit.cgi script into it, and
password-protect that directory.

Then edit ``posy_edit.cgi'' to add the Posy::Plugin::EditInfo configuration
requirements (and remove extra plugins that you don't actually need for
this).


==   Configuration   ==

This expects configuration settings in the $self->{config} hash, which, in
the default Posy setup, can be defined in the main "config" file in the
config directory.

``edit_info_url''
The url of the edit-info CGI script. (default: $self->{url})

``edit_info_spec''
Define the info-fields and their properties.

    edit_info_spec:
      order:
        - Author
        - Title
        - Series
        - SeriesOrder
        - Rating
        - Summary
      default:
        type: text
        size: 40
      options:
        Summary:
          type: textarea
          rows: 5
          cols: 70
        Rating:
          type: select
          options:
            - G
            - PG
            - PG13
            - R
            - NC17

The 'order' part of the spec is the order the fields are to be presented in
the form. The 'options' part of the spec gives optional options for each
field, while the 'default' part of the spec gives the default kind of
input-type which fields are if they don't appear in the 'options' part. The
'type' is the type of input field which will be used in the form. The other
parts are specific to the particular type of input field.

Possible types are:

text
A normal "text" input field. The 'size' gives the size of the field.

textarea
A "textarea" input field. The "rows" and "cols" are the rows and columns.

select
A "select" input field. The "options" are the list of options for that
select.


==== INSTALLATION ====

Installation needs will vary depending on the particular setup a person has.


==   Administrator, Automatic   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, then the dead simple method of
installing the modules is to use the CPAN or CPANPLUS system.

    cpanp -i Posy::Plugin::EditInfo

This will install this plugin in the usual places where modules get
installed when one is using CPAN(PLUS).


==   Administrator, By Hand   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, but don't wish to use the
CPAN(PLUS) method, then this is for you. Take the *.tar.gz file and untar it
in a suitable directory.

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

Or, if you're on a platform (like DOS or Windows) that doesn't like the "./"
notation, you can do this:

   perl Build.PL
   perl Build
   perl Build test
   perl Build install


==   User With Shell Access   ==

If you are a user on a system, and don't have root/administrator access, you
need to install Posy somewhere other than the default place (since you don't
have access to it). However, if you have shell access to the system, then
you can install it in your home directory.

Say your home directory is "/home/fred", and you want to install the modules
into a subdirectory called "perl".

Download the *.tar.gz file and untar it in a suitable directory.

    perl Build.PL --install_base /home/fred/perl
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

This will install the files underneath /home/fred/perl.

You will then need to make sure that you alter the PERL5LIB variable to find
the modules.

Therefore you will need to change the PERL5LIB variable to add
/home/fred/perl/lib

        PERL5LIB=/home/fred/perl/lib:${PERL5LIB}


==== REQUIRES ====

    Posy
    Posy::Core
    Posy::Plugin::Info

    Test::More


==== AUTHOR ====

    Kathryn Andersen (RUBYKAT)
    perlkat AT katspace dot com
    http://www.katspace.com


==== COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE ====

Copyright (c) 2005 by Kathryn Andersen

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

